# Money Mountain
Our capstone project is a quiz game with a built-in money transfer application. It is a C# application that uses Windows Forms (WinForms) and MySQL (via MySQL server) for the database. The questions are based on random topics such as science/technology, history, and geography, each in a separate form. The first question starts at $100 and increments each time you answer the question correctly (Q2 - $200, Q3 - $300, Q4 - $500, etc.). But if you guess the wrong answer at any time, the game automatically ends, and if you get any of the 1st five questions wrong, you leave empty-handed. If you guess any of the next five questions incorrectly (6-10), you leave with only $1000. From the 11th question onwards, you leave with only $32,000 if you guess the wrong answer to any of the remaining questions.

The form controls are as follows: 
•	Four radio buttons representing each answer choice.
•	Two buttons representing lifelines in case the user gets stuck on a question and two more buttons (1 button gets enabled when the user answers a question correctly. Once clicked, it takes you to the next question. The other button lets the user quit the game if they don’t know the answer to a question and if they have used up both lifelines – note that the quit button only gets enabled if at least one of the two lifeline buttons becomes disabled).
•	Two labels: 1 to display the question on the form and the other to display the timer on the screen.
•	Timer: The 1st five questions will have a timer counting down from 45 seconds, and then the following five questions will have a timer counting down from 60 seconds (if the user fails to answer any question within the time limit, they automatically get disqualified). 
•	Message box (aka pop-up alert) to display confirmation/status messages and validation error messages for the login/registration page and the money transfer page.

If you quit the game or if the game ends because of an incorrect answer, the program will switch to the login/register page, where you enter user information, such as username, email, and password (you only need to enter your username and password to login to an existing account). Once the inputs are validated and the login/registration information is stored in the database, a button will appear, which takes you to the money transfer page, where you input the account number, transfer amount, username, and password. All user information from the register page is stored inside the database. *Note that all input fields are validated to maintain the security/integrity of the application and the password is saved as a hash value using a hashing algorithm called Argon2. How it works is it takes the original password value (which is a string) and converts it into a hash value so that your actual password will never be exposed. We also integrated a PayPal API for the money transfer page to handle real transactions.

To gain access to PhpMyAdmin, which is our MySQL server client, you first need to install XAMPP. Once you have it installed, you can follow these instructions to set up the database functionality: https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/connect-mysql-with-c-sharp-net-framework-in-visual-studio-2019/ (Note that these instructions will work for any recent or the latest version of Visual Studio).
